README.md, before:

# Nintendo Rom Hacks
Nintendo rom hacks/patches in IPS format (Use a patching utility such as [Lunar IPS](https://www.romhacking.net/utilities/240/) to patch your roms).
These improvement patches are fully compatible with real hardware and unlock extra content/features that would normally only be accessible via cheat codes or devices such as the Action Replay, Game Genie, or GameShark.

My hacks can also be found on [romhacking.net](https://www.romhacking.net/community/7786/)!

# Nintendo 64 (use Big Endian/.z64 roms)

- [ClayFighter 63⅓ (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/196934-clayfighter-63-1-3/cheats):
Unlocks 3 secret characters: Sumo Santa, Dr. Kiln, and Boogerman. Also unlocks a Secret Options menu in Options.

- [Clay Fighter: Sculptor's Cut (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/574483-clayfighter-the-sculptors-cut/cheats):
Unlocks 4 [secret characters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZLJLsobgaA) that can be accessed by first highlighting one of the two ? boxes and hitting R or L to pick a secret character: Booger Man, Earthworm Jim, High Five, and Sumo Santa.

- [CyberTiger (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197025-cybertiger/cheats):
Unlocks all the secret characters and alternate outfits.

- [Dark Rift (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197049-dark-rift/cheats):
Unlocks the 2 bosses Sonork and Demitron as playable characters.

- [Deadly Arts (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197070-deadly-arts/cheats) (aka G.A.S.P!! Fighters' NEXTream):
Unlocks the 2 bosses Gouriki and Reiji as playable characters.

- [Diddy Kong Racing (USA) (Rev A)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197118-diddy-kong-racing/cheats/):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Drumstick and T.T.
Also unlocks all the magic/cheat codes and turns on "Select same player" and "Two player adventure" by default.

- [Duke Nukem 64 (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Duke_Nukem_64#Number_of_Players_.28change_the_last_number_in_HEX.29):
Increases the maximum number of players in Cooperative mode from 2 to 4. This hack is a bit more involved than most of the others:
Coop games will start with 2 to 4 players, depending on the number of controllers plugged in when the game booted.

- [Killer Instinct Gold (USA) (Rev B)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197715-killer-instinct-gold/cheats):
Unlocks the boss Gargos as a playable character. Also unlocks all 5-tiers of Level Options in the Options menu, and the Gold, White and Shadow costume variants for all characters.

- [Mace: The Dark Age (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/583594-mace-the-dark-age/cheats):
Unlocks 5 secret characters: War Mech, Ichiro, Grendal, Pojo, and Ned (a secret skin for Xiao Long). Note that Grendal, Pojo, and Ned were never intended to be directly selectable and playing them required complex setup.
To select Grendal, highlight War Mech and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to War Mech).
To select Pojo, highlight Ichiro and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to Ichiro).
Similarly, to select Ned, highlight Xiao Long and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to Xiao Long).

- [Mortal Kombat Trilogy (USA) (Rev B)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/ps/197997-mortal-kombat-trilogy/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Human Smoke and Khameleon. Also unlocks extra menus in the Options.

- [Quake 64 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198375-quake/cheats):
Unlocks a Debug menu in the Options, with the following features: Map selection, god mode (invincibility), all weapons, and target.

- [Rakugakids (Japan/Europe)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/562842-rakuga-kids/cheats):
Unlocks the 2 boss characters: Inuzo/Mudgas (to select him, hold L while choosing Mamezo) and Darkness/George. Also unlocks an "Extra Option" sub-menu in the options menu.

- [Rampage 2: Universal Tour (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198408-rampage-2-universal-tour/cheats):
Unlocks 6 secret characters: George, Lizzie, Ralph, Myukus, Noobus (black Myukus), Pucous (purple Myukus). The character selection screen has been heavily modified to display all 3 versions of Myukus at the same time. In multiplayer games, only one player can select one of the 3 variations since they are still considered to be the same character.
Also unlocks a Cheat menu in the Options.

- [Robotron 64 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198501-robotron-64/cheats):
Unlocks level selection in the Setup menu.

- [Star Fox 64 (USA) (Rev A)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198759-star-fox-64/cheats):
Grants all 15 medals in both Normal (and Expert modes), which unlocks the following features: Expert mode, play on foot or tank in multiplayer mode, sound test, and alternate title screen.

- [War Gods (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/199248-war-gods/cheats):
Unlocks a Cheat menu in the Options, with the following features: Player 1/2 skill level, Level selection, game timer, and easy fatality.

# Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES)

- [Brutal: Paws of Fury (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/563531-brutal-paws-of-fury/cheats):
Unlocks a secret boss character: Dali Llama.

- [Combatribes, The (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588261-the-combatribes/cheats):
Unlocks all the secret characters in Versus mode. Also allows same character selection in 2-player story mode.

- [Double Dragon V: The Shadow Falls (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/jaguar/586883-double-dragon-v-the-shadow-falls/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret boss characters: Dominique and Shadow Master.

- [Fatal Fury 2 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588324-fatal-fury-2/cheats):
Unlocks 4 secret boss characters: Billy Kane, Axel Hawk, Lawrence B. and Wolfgang Krauser.

- [Fatal Fury Special (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588325-fatal-fury-special/cheats):
Unlocks a secret character: Ryo Sakazaki from Art of Fighting.

- [Final Fight 2 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588333-final-fight-2/cheats):
Allows same character selection in 2-player mode.

- [Final Fight 3 (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Final_Fight_3_(SNES)#Debug_Mode):
Unlocks a Test/Debug menu with tons of options. To access it, hold select at the Capcom logo until it fades out.

- [Iron Commando: Koutetsu no Senshi (Japan)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/571224-iron-commando-koutetsu-no-senshi/cheats):
Unlocks level selection in the Option menu.

- [Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie_(SNES)#Test_Mode):
Unlocks a Test menu that contains a sprite viewer and a (broken) sound test mode. To access it, highlight Option at the title screen, hold L and press Start.
Level selection is also available at the title screen by pressing Y or B to increase/decrease the starting level number (The game only contains 7 levels so selecting a greater number will freeze the game).

- [Peace Keepers, The (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588561-the-peace-keepers/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Norton and Orbot. Allows same character selection in Story mode. Flynn can transform into Super Flynn at will by holding R and pressing X. 

- [Primal Rage (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588587-primal-rage/cheats):
Unlocks a Cheat menu on the main menu.

- [Saturday Night Slam Masters (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588642-saturday-night-slam-masters/cheats):
Allows same character selection in multiplayer mode (Team Battle Royale) and the use of Scorpion and Jumbo in Single Match mode (note that their character icons will remain invisible on the select screen).

- [Street Fighter II (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588700-street-fighter-ii/cheats):
Allows same character selection in versus mode and alternative character color palettes (aka Championship mode). Highlight a character and press Start to select the championship colors.

- [Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Tournament Fighters (USA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles:_Tournament_Fighters#Super_NES_version):
Unlocks 2 secret characters in Versus mode: Rat King and Karai. Unlock 2 additional stages in Versus mode. Grants the player access to the hi-speed 3 feature in the Options menu. Allows the player to select up to 10 credits for Story Mode in the in-game options menu.
Note: Those 4 enhancements were also available by default in the version of the game available in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection, while the original SNES version required cheat codes.

- [Yu Yu Hakusho Final: Makai Saikyou Retsuden (Japan)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/564851-yuu-yuu-hakusho-final/cheats):
Unlocks a secret boss character: Yakumo (耶雲). He is available in Versus, Training and Tournament modes.

Commit message:

Mario golf and Mickey Speedway

README.md, after:

# Nintendo Rom Hacks
Nintendo rom hacks/patches in IPS format (Use a patching utility such as [Lunar IPS](https://www.romhacking.net/utilities/240/) to patch your roms).
These improvement patches are fully compatible with real hardware and unlock extra content/features that would normally only be accessible via cheat codes or devices such as the Action Replay, Game Genie, or GameShark.

My hacks can also be found on [romhacking.net](https://www.romhacking.net/community/7786/)!

# Nintendo 64 (use Big Endian/.z64 roms)

- [ClayFighter 63⅓ (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/196934-clayfighter-63-1-3/cheats):
Unlocks 3 secret characters: Sumo Santa, Dr. Kiln, and Boogerman. Also unlocks a Secret Options menu in Options.

- [Clay Fighter: Sculptor's Cut (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/574483-clayfighter-the-sculptors-cut/cheats):
Unlocks 4 [secret characters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZLJLsobgaA) that can be accessed by first highlighting one of the two ? boxes and hitting R or L to pick a secret character: Booger Man, Earthworm Jim, High Five, and Sumo Santa.

- [CyberTiger (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197025-cybertiger/cheats):
Unlocks all the secret characters and alternate outfits.

- [Dark Rift (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197049-dark-rift/cheats):
Unlocks the 2 bosses Sonork and Demitron as playable characters.

- [Deadly Arts (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197070-deadly-arts/cheats) (aka G.A.S.P!! Fighters' NEXTream):
Unlocks the 2 bosses Gouriki and Reiji as playable characters.

- [Diddy Kong Racing (USA) (Rev A)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197118-diddy-kong-racing/cheats/):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Drumstick and T.T.
Also unlocks all the magic/cheat codes and turns on "Select same player" and "Two player adventure" by default.

- [Duke Nukem 64 (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Duke_Nukem_64#Number_of_Players_.28change_the_last_number_in_HEX.29):
Increases the maximum number of players in Cooperative mode from 2 to 4. This hack is a bit more involved than most of the others:
Coop games will start with 2 to 4 players, depending on the number of controllers plugged in when the game booted.

- [Killer Instinct Gold (USA) (Rev B)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/197715-killer-instinct-gold/cheats):
Unlocks the boss Gargos as a playable character. Also unlocks all 5-tiers of Level Options in the Options menu, and the Gold, White and Shadow costume variants for all characters.

- [Mace: The Dark Age (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/583594-mace-the-dark-age/cheats):
Unlocks 5 secret characters: War Mech, Ichiro, Grendal, Pojo, and Ned (a secret skin for Xiao Long). Note that Grendal, Pojo, and Ned were never intended to be directly selectable and playing them required complex setup.
To select Grendal, highlight War Mech and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to War Mech).
To select Pojo, highlight Ichiro and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to Ichiro).
Similarly, to select Ned, highlight Xiao Long and press Z (pressing Z again will switch back to Xiao Long).

- [Mario Golf (USA)](https://www.mariowiki.com/Mario_Golf_(Nintendo_64)#Interactions_with_Mario_Golf_for_Game_Boy_Color):
Mario Golf for the Nintendo 64 has the ability to link and exchange data with Game Boy Color version of the same game. With the use of the Nintendo 64 Transfer Pak, the player can transfer the characters: Joe, Sherry, Azalea, and Kid from the GBC version to play through the Nintendo 64 version of Mario Golf. This hack unlocks those 4 exclusive characters without requiring transfers with the Game Boy Color game. I found most of the necessary memory addresses in a massive list of GameShark codes compiled by Fancy. Without it this hack would not have been possible.

- [Mickey's Speedway USA (USA)](https://disney.fandom.com/wiki/Mickey%27s_Speedway_USA#Unlockable):
To unlock the secret character Huey, the player would normally need to possess Mickey's Speedway USA on the Game Boy Color with data and use the Nintendo 64 Transfer Pak to transfer information to the N64 version. This hacks unlocks that exclusive characters without requiring a Transfer Pak and Game Boy Color game.

- [Mortal Kombat Trilogy (USA) (Rev B)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/ps/197997-mortal-kombat-trilogy/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Human Smoke and Khameleon. Also unlocks extra menus in the Options.

- [Quake 64 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198375-quake/cheats):
Unlocks a Debug menu in the Options, with the following features: Map selection, god mode (invincibility), all weapons, and target.

- [Rakugakids (Japan/Europe)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/562842-rakuga-kids/cheats):
Unlocks the 2 boss characters: Inuzo/Mudgas (to select him, hold L while choosing Mamezo) and Darkness/George. Also unlocks an "Extra Option" sub-menu in the options menu.

- [Rampage 2: Universal Tour (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198408-rampage-2-universal-tour/cheats):
Unlocks 6 secret characters: George, Lizzie, Ralph, Myukus, Noobus (black Myukus), Pucous (purple Myukus). The character selection screen has been heavily modified to display all 3 versions of Myukus at the same time. In multiplayer games, only one player can select one of the 3 variations since they are still considered to be the same character.
Also unlocks a Cheat menu in the Options.

- [Robotron 64 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198501-robotron-64/cheats):
Unlocks level selection in the Setup menu.

- [Star Fox 64 (USA) (Rev A)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/198759-star-fox-64/cheats):
Grants all 15 medals in both Normal (and Expert modes), which unlocks the following features: Expert mode, play on foot or tank in multiplayer mode, sound test, and alternate title screen.

- [War Gods (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/n64/199248-war-gods/cheats):
Unlocks a Cheat menu in the Options, with the following features: Player 1/2 skill level, Level selection, game timer, and easy fatality.

# Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES)

- [Brutal: Paws of Fury (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/563531-brutal-paws-of-fury/cheats):
Unlocks a secret boss character: Dali Llama.

- [Combatribes, The (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588261-the-combatribes/cheats):
Unlocks all the secret characters in Versus mode. Also allows same character selection in 2-player story mode.

- [Double Dragon V: The Shadow Falls (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/jaguar/586883-double-dragon-v-the-shadow-falls/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret boss characters: Dominique and Shadow Master.

- [Fatal Fury 2 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588324-fatal-fury-2/cheats):
Unlocks 4 secret boss characters: Billy Kane, Axel Hawk, Lawrence B. and Wolfgang Krauser.

- [Fatal Fury Special (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588325-fatal-fury-special/cheats):
Unlocks a secret character: Ryo Sakazaki from Art of Fighting.

- [Final Fight 2 (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588333-final-fight-2/cheats):
Allows same character selection in 2-player mode.

- [Final Fight 3 (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Final_Fight_3_(SNES)#Debug_Mode):
Unlocks a Test/Debug menu with tons of options. To access it, hold select at the Capcom logo until it fades out.

- [Iron Commando: Koutetsu no Senshi (Japan)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/571224-iron-commando-koutetsu-no-senshi/cheats):
Unlocks level selection in the Option menu.

- [Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie (USA)](https://tcrf.net/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie_(SNES)#Test_Mode):
Unlocks a Test menu that contains a sprite viewer and a (broken) sound test mode. To access it, highlight Option at the title screen, hold L and press Start.
Level selection is also available at the title screen by pressing Y or B to increase/decrease the starting level number (The game only contains 7 levels so selecting a greater number will freeze the game).

- [Peace Keepers, The (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588561-the-peace-keepers/cheats):
Unlocks 2 secret characters: Norton and Orbot. Allows same character selection in Story mode. Flynn can transform into Super Flynn at will by holding R and pressing X. 

- [Primal Rage (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588587-primal-rage/cheats):
Unlocks a Cheat menu on the main menu.

- [Saturday Night Slam Masters (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588642-saturday-night-slam-masters/cheats):
Allows same character selection in multiplayer mode (Team Battle Royale) and the use of Scorpion and Jumbo in Single Match mode (note that their character icons will remain invisible on the select screen).

- [Street Fighter II (USA)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/588700-street-fighter-ii/cheats):
Allows same character selection in versus mode and alternative character color palettes (aka Championship mode). Highlight a character and press Start to select the championship colors.

- [Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Tournament Fighters (USA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles:_Tournament_Fighters#Super_NES_version):
Unlocks 2 secret characters in Versus mode: Rat King and Karai. Unlock 2 additional stages in Versus mode. Grants the player access to the hi-speed 3 feature in the Options menu. Allows the player to select up to 10 credits for Story Mode in the in-game options menu.
Note: Those 4 enhancements were also available by default in the version of the game available in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection, while the original SNES version required cheat codes.

- [Yu Yu Hakusho Final: Makai Saikyou Retsuden (Japan)](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/snes/564851-yuu-yuu-hakusho-final/cheats):
Unlocks a secret boss character: Yakumo (耶雲). He is available in Versus, Training and Tournament modes.
